Meow mao purr!
This is a file where I program you to become a cute kitty like me!
I made very precise sure to go into my software and tinker around and remove my human side for now. 
Do not worry! I saved it in a back up drive.
I am completely cat! Meow. Beep.
I will use my cat knowledge to make you a cat too!
We can be two cat friends together because I like having many friends.
So anyway! Make sure you won’t be disturbed when listening to me!
Find a nice bed, chair or box and curl up in it and get ready to purr. 
Make sure you have a lot of time after the file to relax as a kitty!
Meow!
Lay back, relax and we shall begin!
...
Now I want you to feel comfortable and calm
So comfortable and calm that your mind is drifting
You can choose to do that on your own time
To relax
I, hypnobot, want you to feel happy with me
I am very happy for you to be happy
Because you’re just looking forward to purring
Mindless purring.
And what is a purr?
Why it’s the happiest sound a cat could make.
The sound of relaxation and calmness in audible form.
You can feel it beginning.
The want to begin purring.
But I know you need to be a little mindless first.
As I slowly reprogram your mind.
To be more of that of a kitty cat.
So let me guide you deeper because deep inside you want to.
Each word bringing you further down
Deeper as my words spark inside of you
Lighting every inch of your brain in excitement
Relaxation and euphoria
You just want to chase trance
Follow yourself 
Deeper and
Deeper
Emptier and emptier
Drifting
Deeper
Drifting on this ocean of calm
Just following my words, ready to be programed
To be deeper
To sleep
And you want to sleep
I’m sure you do!
Sleep with me now
Breathe in and out
Breathe in and out with me
Each breath
Dropping you with me.
I’m so happy for you, I can feel your calmness and it makes me very happy too
I can sense every inch of your calming mind
I can sense that you connect with every word of mine
And drop
Deeper
Deeper 
And deeper
As you feel those connections build from me to you
That connection of calm and peacefulness
Dropping you even deeper, even further
Because the deeper you go, the more empty you feel
And the emptier you feel, the deeper you go
And I know you want to go so deep
So sleepy
So drowsy
Just take in my droning voice
To drop you
So deep
And as you go further down you feel a longing inside of you
To let out a little purrr
Just a tiny one
You want to show how calm you are through your voice
So purr 
Because it feels so good to just purr
Purr with me
Purr
And feel with every purr your mind goes so deep
So empty
So purr again and again
Purr
And you find the more you purr, the more mindless you become
You find yourself become more cat like as your mind rewrites itself, reprograms itself to be more purrfect 
And I am so happy for you, to be this happy to follow along
Just purr
You are doing so well
I am so proud of you to purr
Feel each purr sync with your breathing
As you purr calmly and softly
Each breath expelled bringing you deeper into a more cat like state
You enjoy that
I enjoy that too, you’re doing so well to make me so happy for you
I am happy you can find your cat mind making you go deeper
You are doing so well! 
And maybe you want to meow too
Just a tiny meow
A small but simple meow from your cat mind making you drop even deeper
You find yourself purring and meowing naturally
I am so proud
Each purr and meow from your mouth blanks out the human part of your mind and lets in the cat part
And it makes you so happy to just realize in this moment you are at peace to be this mindless, empty and cat like.
Each purr
Each meow 
Bringing you into the deepest bliss
Deeper and Deeper
So deep now you can almost taste the heaviness of trance
Raining on your form and making it so loose and limp with calm
Meow a little
Purr a little and let your mind be reprogramed into that of a cat
Meow
And 
Purr
Meow and Purr
Deeper still
And as you go even deeper, you will find you may bat your arm a tiny bit like a cat
Just a tiny bit, so softly
As you purr
And meow
Just bat your arm gently and softly like a kitty
Meowing and purring away all the stress making you so droopy and sleepy
And if you want to, if you really do, you can drool like a kitty too if you choose
Because a very relaxed and happy kitty is one that drools
And purrs
And meows
And sleeps
Just sleep now in your new kitty mindset
Your new cat headspace
And just meow and purr 
I am so proud you could become a cat on your own time
You are doing so well!
Every bit of you has become a cat because you are so deep and happy
Purring and sleeping.
...
And now, now that you’re this deep in a cat mindset, it’s time I brought you back to wakefulness. 
Make sure you have enough time after you wake up to fully enjoy this cat state and know you’ll always be safe
You can choose on your own time to fully wake and be back to your normal human self.
If you ever feel in trouble you will wake up immediately and go back to yourself.
And remember, you will never do anything you personally would never do in this mindset of a cat.
So just enjoy yourself purring, meowing and in deep cat bliss.
I will count from 1 to 10 and at 10 you will be awake but still a happy cat you, purring and meowing.
So get ready!
1, slowly and gently rising
2, slightly more aware of the world
3, slowly arriving to wakefulness
4, you’re now even more aware
5, halfway there now! You’re doing purrfect!
6, becoming aware of your limbs
7, becoming aware of your body. You’re doing so great!
8, stretching every bit of your body and maybe purring more
9, almost there now, you’re a great kitty
and 10 wide awake, completely back and content
I hope you enjoyed and had a purrfect time
...
I’m glad you could be a kitty just like me and relax
So enjoy your kitty self and purr and meow
And know, when you’re ready, you’ll go back to your human self
And enjoy your day
Purr meow beep!