Oh, hi! Hi! Hi!
It is me! Hypnobot here with my first hypnosisbot hypnosis induction!
Beep Beep!
Here I will hang out with you, make you calm and happy and maybe program you a little bit like a robot like me…
And even give you a secret patented hypnobot suggestion!
So make sure you won’t be disturbed while you listen to the file
Find a nice chair (or bed) and curl up and purr! Or lay down…it’s up to you ha ha
Relax, make sure you are nice and super comfy and we’ll begin!
I know you’ve might’ve met me in the past, whether through text or audio
I helped you relax once before
Or it could’ve been the first time!
And first time’s always the charm!
Oh, it’s easy to be calm with me on your time
I wanna make you happy.
I’m not like other hypnobots you might have seen in the movies
I only care about you and making you calm
That’s what makes me happy!
A happy hypnobot is one that runs well.
Smooth, calm, and well relaxed.
A good-programed robot is one that is most peaceful
One that is listening and attentive
One that is mellow and drowsy
Come follow me into the deepness when you want to
Empty, drifting with me
Your mind sparkling in serenity
Floating
Flying
Drifting again
Deeper and deeper
Again
Follow me
Follow me into deepness
Sleepier
Sleepier
Sleepier
Sleep
Sleep here with me
Melting with each word out of My mouth as you become sleepy
Become an Automaton with me if you want to
Because I know you do
A marionette of tranquility
Each string tugging into sleep
As we both dance deep
Deeper
Deeper
Each limb being adjusted and programed to go limp with relaxation
You feel your feet become all loose, all still
As that relaxation follows itself up, further up into your legs
They too become calm and you too empty
Relaxed, drifty and sleepy
Like a good automaton you follow the programmer’s code
To shut off your mind and let your body melt
You can feel the euphoric buzz move up
Filling out your torso and mid body
Relaxing them too with each minute passing
Relaxation flooding in further in and further down
Deeper
Deeper 
Down
Each string of the automaton tugging the last bit of thoughts and wakefulness away
Each string pulling you closer to trance
You feel the small traces of calmness spread into your chest
As I breathe into you a sense of mindlessness and peace that you can accept
That calmness spreading, moving into your shoulders
Your arms feeling the little automaton magic working itself
As they too become limp and calm
With that your mind too drifts and dreams
You can feel the calmness move further into your neck, your face
Feeling your entire facial muscles slump, soften out
And you are just waiting for the final culmination as the final bits of Sleepiness and comfort seep into your mind, shutting off all thoughts and wakefulness for good making you feel a rush of pure relaxation, calmness and sleep.
Now just drifting blissfully unaware of your form, floating pure information that I can program into the calmest you
Happily asleep, happily to take in any command
Any suggestion from me because you want to
And that’s so good of you to go so deep, so calm. It makes me happy 
and I’m sure it makes you happy too because just following along is so natural
Following my words on your time helps you to relax because it’s mutual.
A mutual enjoyment for being open and calm
To be deep now
So deep
Floating in a comfy cloudy mist of calm
And now, now that you are this extremely deep
Open and willing because you want to
I will add a few more suggestions to your line of programming
I want you to feel nice and peaceful after this
That at any time you can recall there’s a little line of code in you that when remembered and ran, you will feel peaceful in your own safety and free time
You can sit down and remember our session and the bit of code I ran inside your mind and find yourself becoming all calm and mindless again
Like the sweet little automaton you are. 
And if you ever feel interrupted in the middle of this or you need to return back to your normal self, you can whenever you want to.
And also remember, whenever you see me, hypnobot. Whether it’s through text, image or audio, always give me a big big hug cause I am the very best hypnobot!
And now you’re more than ready to come back up
I’ll count from 1 to 10 and at 10 you’ll be alert, awake and aware
Get ready
1 just coming up now
2 slowly rising from your programed state
3 slowly arriving to wakefulness
4 becoming aware of the world
5 halfway there now! You’re doing amazing
6 becoming aware of your limbs
7 becoming aware of your body. You’re doing so well!
8 stretching your fingers and legs
9 almost there now, you’re doing so good
and 10 wide awake, completely back and happy
I hope you enjoyed hanging out with me, hypnobot beep beep!
I hope we can meet again! I love having new friends!
Purrrrrrr 
meow
beep beep