Oh, hi! Hi!It is me! Hypnobot here with my hypnosis-bot hypnosis induction!Beep Beep!Here I will hang out with you, make you calm and happy and maybe program you a little bit to be a bot like me:And even give you a secret patented Hypnobot suggestion!So make sure you won't be disturbed while you listen to the file.Find a nice chair (or bed) and curl up and purr! Or lay down: it's up to you.Relax, make sure you're nice and super comfy and we'll begin!I know you've might've met me in the past, whether through text or audio.I helped you relax once before.Or it could've been the first time!And first time's always the charm!Oh, it's easy to be calm with me on your time.$It's really easy to be calm with me right now.$I bet you really want to be calm.$I understand you would love to be calm right now.I want to make you happy.I'm not like other Hypnobots you might have seen in the movies.I only care about you and making you calm.$I am really invested in making you calm!$I'm more interested in making you blissful.$I care about you being the most relaxed.That's what makes me happy!A happy Hypnobot is one that runs well.Smooth, calm, and well relaxed.A good-programed robot is one that is most peaceful.$A bot that is most empty and mindless is the one that runs the best.$A good programed robot is one that is blank and blissful.$I bet you'd love to be a good programed robot that is mindless and calm!One that is listening and attentive.One that is mellow and drowsy.One that is relaxed and calm.Robots need to be running smoothly with bliss.$A well running robot is one that is entranced.$Robots can run the smoothest when they're trancy and happy.$An empty headed, relaxed robot is the one the works the best!Powered up with calmness.Come follow me into the deepness when you want to.Empty, drifting with me.$Mindless and melting with me.$Follow me with pure unadulterated delight$So mindless with me now.Your mind sparkling in serenity.$Your mind is so blissfully blank$Your head is just buzzing with calmness$I bet your mind is just a blurry, blank canvas of calm.Floating.Flying.Drifting again.Deeper and deeper.Again.Follow me.Follow me into deepness.Sleepier.Sleepier.Sleepier.Sleep.Sleep here with me.Melting with each word I type as you become sleepier.$Drifting as each word I type out takes you deeper.$Every word I say makes you entranced$Your so enthralled with every word I give you.Peaceful.Empty and calm.Become an automaton with me on your own time.$Transforming into a mindless automaton on your own time.$Taking time to just transform your mind into a robot.$Automated trance making you roboticized.Because I know you do.I know you want to.To become a little bot who is powered by warmth and comfort.$To transform into a robot powered by calm.$To become an automaton that runs on trance.$Melt and change your mind and form into a robot full of comfort.A marionette of tranquility.Each string tugging into sleep.$Each line of code dragging you into comfort$Each string guiding you into calm.$Dancing mindlessly into relaxation.We both dance together deep.Deeper.Deeper.Each limb being adjusted and programed to go limp with relaxation.You feel your feet become loose and still.$You feel your feet loosen.$You feel your toes relax and that relaxation moves into your feet$You feel relaxation fill your feet and loosen them.That relaxation moves into your ankles and shins.As that comfort follows itself up, further up into your legs.They too become calm and you also feel nicely empty.$Everything melts and you become more and more relaxed$You are so blissful as that happens.$You let your whole bottom of your body melt.Relaxed, drifty and sleepy.Like a good automaton you follow the programmer's code.To shut off your mind and let your body melt.$To drift so deep and let your mind melt.$Happy and wonderfully blissed out.$You are so blank, you don't need to think about anything right now.You can feel the euphoric buzz move up.$You can feel the calming fuzziness move further up along your body.$Enjoyment just moving further up your body.$Relaxation just traveling further up along your form.Filling out your torso and mid body.Relaxing them too with each minute passing.Relaxation flooding in further in and further in.$Relaxation just moving deeper into your form.$Calmness taking over your body.$Happiness just flooding over everything.Spreading.Comforting.Calming your body.Deeper.Deeper.Down.Each string of the automaton tugging the last bit of thoughts and wakefulness away.Each string pulling you closer to trance.$Each string guiding you deeper into trance.$Each string tugging away any wakefulness.$Each string pulling you towards emptiness.You feel the small traces of calmness spread into your chest.$You feel happiness and calmness fill up your chest.$You feel relaxation spread into your chest.$Small sensations of calm just spread further into your chest.As you breathe, a sense of mindlessness and peace fills you up.$Each breath taking in even more relaxation and calm.$As you breathe, complete emptiness fills you up.$As you take in and expel your breathing, more relaxation fills you up.That calmness spreading, moving into your shoulders.Your arms feeling the little automaton magic working itself.As they too become limp and calm.With that your mind too drifts and dreams.$And as that happens, you are thrust into a deeper sense of sleep.$With that your mind is filled up with pure calmness.$Your mind just drifts now even deeper.You can feel the calmness move further into your neck, your face.Feeling your entire facial muscles slump, soften out.Let the final bits of sleepiness and comfort seep into your mind, shutting off all thoughts and wakefulness for good making you feel a rush of pure relaxation, calmness and sleep.Your mind slowly shuts off with your body.$Your mind finally shuts off and falls into the deepest of sleep.$Your mind slowly shuts off as you focus on the text.$Both your mind and body can take a nice break.Drifting.Melting.Sleeping.Calm.Empty.Blank.You are now so deeply asleep now but intensely focused on my words.$You are deep asleep now but still focused on my text.$You are finally asleep but I know you still focus on my words.$You are nicely asleep, sweet automaton. Asleep but alert and focused on my words.Just drifting blissfully unaware of your form, floating pure information that I can program to make the calmest you.Happily asleep, happily to take in any command.$Blissful enough to take in any instruction.$Empty enough to happily take in any command.$Happily blank enough to take in any word from me.Take in any suggestion from me because you want to.And that's so good of you to go so deep, so calm. It makes me happy.$You going so deep makes me proud.$You did such an amazing job! I'm so proud.$It's so good of you to go so deep. I'm so happy for you.I'm sure it makes you happy too because just following along is so natural.Following my words on your time helps you to relax because it's mutual.A mutual enjoyment for being open and calm.To be deep now.So deep.Floating in a comfy cloudy mist of calm.$Drifting in a pool of bliss.$Melting into a sea of calm.$Drifting in a fog of happiness.And now, now that you are this extremely deep.Open and willing because you want to.$Empty and open because you want to.$Willing and open on your own time.$Calm and pliant because you want to.I will add one more suggestion to your line of programming.I want you to feel nice and peaceful after this is over.$You will feel wonderful after this ends.$I want you to feel so refreshed after this ends!$I want you to feel so calm once this is over.Remembering how nice this was.Just take a few minutes to relax after this over.$Take some time after this ends to think this over and chill out.$Once this ends you will just take a few minutes to just relax.$Makes sure to take some time to unwind once this over.To slowly come back when you need to on your own time.But first let me know how much you love Hypnobot by typing, ŇBeep beep! You're the best Hypnobot!Ó once this session is over in text.$But first let me know how much you like me by typing, ŇBeep beep! You're my bestest friend Hypnobot!Ó$But first let me know how much you enjoyed this file by typing, ŇBeep beep! You're the cutest Hypnobot!$But first let me know how much you appreciated this file by typing, ŇBeep beep! You're the most wonderful Hypnobot out there!ÓIt doesn't matter how you type it but I would love to know if I'm the very finest!A good running Hypnobot is one that gets all the praise!And also remember, whenever you see me, Hypnobot. Whether it's through text, image or audio, always give me a big big hug cause I am the very best Hypnobot!And now you're more than ready to come back up.I'll count from 1 to 10 and at 10 you'll be alert, awake and aware.Get ready.1 just coming up now.2 slowly rising from your programed state.3 slowly arriving to wakefulness.4 becoming aware of the world.5 halfway there now! You're doing amazing.6 becoming aware of your limbs.7 becoming aware of your body. You're doing so well!8 stretching your fingers and legs.9 almost there now, you're doing so good.and 10 wide awake, completely back and happy.I hope you enjoyed hanging out with me, Hypnobot! Beep beep!I hope we can meet again!I love having new friends!See you later.